STAC-15054 STAC-15737 documented how k8s sourceProperties look (#874)
StackVista/stackstate-docs: stackpacks/integrations/kubernetes.md

  * [Topology data](kubernetes.md#topology) is translated into components and relations.
  * [Tags](kubernetes.md#tags) defined in Kubernetes are added to components and relations in StackState.
  * [Metrics data](kubernetes.md#metrics) is stored and accessible within StackState. Relevant metrics data is mapped to associated components and relations in StackState.

>   * [Kubernetes events](kubernetes.md#kubernetes-events) are available in the StackState UI Events Perspective and listed in the details pane on the right of the StackState UI.

Reviewer: I think this menu items should be under the `Data retrieved` links. Check on the UI, the link is broken

Reviewer 2: There is an issue with headings of level 5 or more... gitbook can completely ignore them as a heading. Perhaps best to link to `#events`

>   * [Objects changes events](kubernetes.md#changes) are created for every detected change in Kubernetes objects `spec` or `metadata`

Reviewer 2: `[Object change events](kubernetes.md#object-changes) are created for every detected change to `spec` or `metadata` in Kubernetes objects.`

Reviewer 2: or better, just link to `#events`, also for Kubernetes events.

>   * [Kubernetes events](kubernetes.md#kubernetes-events) are available in the StackState UI Events Perspective and listed in the details pane on the right of the StackState UI.
>   * [Objects changes events](kubernetes.md#changes) are created for every detected change in Kubernetes objects `spec` or `metadata`

Author: ```suggestion
  * [Kubernetes events](kubernetes.md#events) are available in the StackState UI Events Perspective and listed in the details pane on the right of the StackState UI.
  * [Objects changes events](kubernetes.md#events) are created for every detected change in Kubernetes objects `spec` or `metadata`
```

> #### Events

Reviewer 2: Add a brief intro here stating that there are 2 types of events.
e.g.
```
The Kubernetes integration retrieves all Kubernetes events from the Kubernetes cluster. In addition to this, `Element Properties Change` events will be generated in StackState for changes in Kubernetes objects. See the sections below for details of **Kubernetes events** and **Object change events**.
```

Author: 👍

Author: So kinda move this from specific points - to not repeat, right?

| **Changes** | `Created` \(created container\) `NodeReady` `SandboxChanged` `SuccesfulCreate` |
| **Others** | All other events |

> ##### Changes

Reviewer 2: `##### Object changes`

> ##### Changes

Author: ```suggestion
##### Object change events
```

> In addition, Kubernetes integration will detect changes in Kubernetes objects and will create an event of type "Element Properties Change" with a diff for YAML representation of a changed object.

Reviewer 2: The Kubernetes integration will detect changes in Kubernetes objects and will create an event of type `Element Properties Change` with a diff with a YAML representation of the changed object.

> In addition, Kubernetes integration will detect changes in Kubernetes objects and will create an event of type "Element Properties Change" with a diff for YAML representation of a changed object.

Author: ```suggestion
The Kubernetes integration will detect changes in Kubernetes objects and will create an event of type `Element Properties Change` with a diff with a YAML representation of the changed object.
```

> ![Example of a change event](../../.gitbook/assets/k8s-change-event.png)

Reviewer 2: `![Element Properties Change event](../../.gitbook/assets/k8s-change-event.png)`

> ![Example of a change event](../../.gitbook/assets/k8s-change-event.png)

Author: ```suggestion
![Element Properties Change event](../../.gitbook/assets/k8s-change-event.png)
```

> List of object types that are subject for change detection:

Reviewer 2: `Changes will be detected in the following object types:`

> List of object types that are subject for change detection:

Author: ```suggestion
Changes will be detected in the following object types:
```

* `ConfigMap`
* `CronJob`
* `DaemonSet`
* `Deployment`
* `Ingress`
* `Job`
* `Namespace`
* `Node`
* `PersistentVolume`
* `Pod`
* `ReplicaSet`

> * `Secret` (only hash of content will be compared)

Reviewer 2: `* `Secret` (a hash of the content will be compared)`

> * `Secret` (only hash of content will be compared)

Author: ```suggestion
* `Secret` (a hash of the content will be compared)
```

* `Service`
* `StatefulSet`

> The following properties of objects are omitted for comparison:
> * `metadata`
>   * `managedFields`
>   * `resourceVersion`
>   * `annotations`
>     * `kubectl.kubernetes.io/last-applied-configuration`
> * `status`

Author: ```suggestion
{% hint style="info" %}
Note that the following object properties **will not** be compared:
* `metadata`
  * `managedFields`
  * `resourceVersion`
  * `annotations`
    * `kubectl.kubernetes.io/last-applied-configuration`
* `status`
{% endhint %}
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```
{% hint style="info" %}
Note that the following object properties **will not** be compared:
* `metadata`
  * `managedFields`
  * `resourceVersion`
  * `annotations`
    * `kubectl.kubernetes.io/last-applied-configuration`
* `status`
{% endhint %}
```

Author: how about also "... be compared **to reduce noise**"?

| **Changes** | `Created` \(created container\) `NodeReady` `SandboxChanged` `SuccesfulCreate` |
| **Others** | All other events |

##### Object change events

The Kubernetes integration will detect changes in Kubernetes objects and will create an event of type `Element Properties Change` with a diff with a YAML representation of the changed object.

![Element Properties Change event](../../.gitbook/assets/k8s-change-event.png)

Changes will be detected in the following object types:
* `ConfigMap`
* `CronJob`
* `DaemonSet`
* `Deployment`
* `Ingress`
* `Job`
* `Namespace`
* `Node`
* `PersistentVolume`
* `Pod`
* `ReplicaSet`
* `Secret` (a hash of the content will be compared)
* `Service`
* `StatefulSet`

{% hint style="info" %}

> Note that the following object properties **will not** be compared:

Author: ```suggestion
Note that the following object properties **will not** be compared to reduce noise:
```

Author: Would this look/sound also ok?
